Analysis of prototypes: 
Prototype 1: It is a very simple design that accomplishes the function of a timer. The user can add time, start, pause, and stop the timer. The design is not visually pleasing and is very crude, but accomplishes the goal in function.
Prototype 2: This project is much more visually pleasing, but the function lacks a bit. It counts in milliseconds only and cannot update above 20,000 ms, which is a bit basic and not remarkable. It does accomplish the function at a very basic level.
Prototype 3: This is a cool design concept where the timer is on a rounded design. The issues are that there is nothing on the timer displaying how much time is left exactly, so the user is forced to estimate the amount of time left.
Prototype 4: This is the best design by far. It presents the timer in the form of an analog clock, showing how much time is left in minutes and seconds. The only functional flaw is that it may not work well with larger times.


The UI of the webpage is very simple, having a background image with some mistletoe type plant surrounding a red gradiant that gets lighter as it moves toward the center. The blocks surrounding the contents of the timer are all equal sized, making it look proportioniate. The countdown timer itself does as intended, updating once per second and displaying the correct time.
For my design, I chose to start from scratch with my code and use some of the prototypes and images as influences. This allowed me to understand how each part of the CSS affects the code in different ways. We saw the different timers and countdown timers, and decided that a Christmas countdown would be interesting due to the time of the year. While others may exist, we chose to do a simple theme for the UI. A festive image and a basic black timer allow for the user to easily understand the information being displayed. Some of the first possibilties could be adjusting it to calculate for different timezones around the world. Currently it only displays a countdown for the Eastern timezone in the USA. Another would be adjusting the UI to contain more pictures, making it possibly feel more festive and embrace "Christmas" better. The general concept of a christmas countdown could be used for different online shopping forums, giving people a sense of how long they have to buy presents to have them arrive berfore Christmas. In general, our code used a more minimalistic approach to the UI. The basic content was displayed front and center, and made it clear what the purpose was. So, the concept is effective for all age groups. The countdown timer however has a more obvious focus on Christians, as other religions might not care as much about a Christmas countdown.